ExecutionPolicy default value is RemoteSigned (#72993)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/windows_setup.rst

    &$file -Version 5.1 -Username $username -Password $password -Verbose

Once completed, you will need to remove auto logon

> and set the execution policy back to the default of ``RemoteSigned``. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and set the execution policy back to the default (``Restricted `` for Windows clients, or ``RemoteSigned`` for Windows servers). You can
```
